Update README screenshots/text; document Empire plot double-clicking; add citation, header image, etc. (#415)
biocore/empress: README.md

![empress_circular_common_ancestor](docs/moving-pictures/img/empress_circular_common_ancestor.png)

Interestingly, we see that this node is classified as _Acanthamoeba Palestinensis_ which is actually not a bacteria but rather a protozoa. It is not uncommon for certain Eukaryotes to appear in bacterial/archaeal reference databases as they may share a similar genetic lineage. Remember that mitochondria and chloroplasts likely evolved from prokaryotes themselves. Explore a few other common ancestral nodes from different outlier branches. We can see other surprising appearances by _Cucurbita pepo_ (a variety of squash or pumpkin), _Raphanus sativus_ (radish), and _Streptophyta_ (an order of plants). Based on these results one might speculate that our *Unspecified* features likely also belong to either plants or protozoa groups rather than bacteria. Further, since these features appear only on the palm samples, it’s possible the source of these are in fact environmental contaminants rather than common human microbes.  

> Summarizing things for these *Unspecified*-phylum features: in general, given their relatively long branch lengths, their presence in few samples in the study in some cases at relatively low abundance, their lack of close matches in the reference database, and the fact that they are putatively related to non-microbial features, it may be safe to filter them from our table as non-biologically relevant reads. (That conclusion is just based on the results of this exploratory analysis, not a strict guideline or anything.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Summarizing things for these *Unspecified*-phylum features: in general, given their relatively long branch lengths, their presence in few samples in the study in some cases at relatively low abundance, their lack of close matches in the reference database, and the fact that they are putatively related to non-microbial features, it may be safe to filter them from our table as non-biologically relevant reads. (That conclusion is just based on the results of this exploratory analysis, not a strict guideline.)
```

## Empire plots! Side-by-side integration of tree and PCoA plots  

Now that you are familiar with basics, let’s try something a bit more advanced. One of the unique features of Empress is its ability to integrate a tree plot with an [Emperor](http://biocore.github.io/emperor) ordination plot and visualize them side-by-side (we've taken to calling these Empire plots).

> To achieve this, we can provide a QIIME 2 artifact of the type `PCoAResults` to `qiime empress community-plot`. (Note that although the type is `PCoAResults` this can be any beta diversity distance matrix; it's totally possible to visualize the results of PCA, or even a biplot, here instead.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To achieve this, we can provide a QIIME 2 artifact of the type `PCoAResults` to `qiime empress community-plot`. (Note that although the type is `PCoAResults` this can be any ordination matrix; it's totally possible to visualize the results of PCA, or even a biplot, here instead.)
```
